Welcome to TuxBlocks – the game with all the right angles! My name is Tux, and I'll be teaching you how to play. You can <click> anywhere on the screen to continue. If you you ever need me to repeat something, just <click> the Repeat button at the bottom of the screen.

This is the main menu, where you can choose Play mode or Build mode. Let's start with Play mode. Hit the button to continue.

This screen lets you choose the difficulty for your game. The settings will make more sense once you’ve played some, so don't worry about them yet. The buttons at the top let you go back or start the game. When you're ready, start the game.

This is the Grid. Blocks appear and try to get across, and it’s your job to stop them.

You do that by placing towers on the grid. Towers will shoot at the blocks to destroy them. You can make a maze out of towers to slow the blocks down.

There are different types of towers. Pea Shooters are weak but good for mazing. The B.I.G. Shooter fires a missile which hits groups of blocks. Freezers slow down blocks. Zappers shoot lightning, which jumps from block to block. Walls won't shoot, but they help you maze quicker. Try dragging a Tower onto the Grid.

Great! Now, if a block gets through your maze, you lose a life. If you lose all your lives, it’s game over. Blocks will come in Rounds, with a break in between. The menu at the top of the screen shows your Lives and the Countdown until the next round. Right now the timer's paused, so don't worry.

The menu also shows how many upgrades you have. You get upgrades by earning points, and you earn points by destroying blocks or doing math. You can use upgrades to make Towers stronger.

To upgrade a tower, you need to select it. To make it easier to select on a Tower, you can double-<click> the Grid to zoom in. Try it.

Now <click> on a Tower to select it. If you’re having trouble, you can hold your <mouse> down on the Grid to bring up a circle. Drag the circle over to a Tower to select it.

Now upgrade the Tower by pressing the Upgrade button. Your Tower will change color to show it's been upgraded. You can only upgrade a Tower twice, and the better a Tower is, the more is costs to upgrade it. The number on the upgrade button tells you how much the upgrade costs.

You can also sell Towers by <click>ing the Sell button, and the pressing it again to confirm. This will destroy your Tower and give you some extra points.

Now you can double-<click> to zoom back out.

Place a few more Towers and you’ll be ready for your first Round. You can trigger the round early by hitting the Go button!

You survived your first Round, but we’re going to need more Towers for the next one. You get more Towers by pressing the MORE TOWERS button.

Each button here shows you a problem you can solve, and the reward you’ll get for solving it. Try <click>ing on one. 

?